README:

Bennethy's Good One's is a fully Front End Website I have created for my final project at General Assembly. I wanted to make this website so that I could marry my passions of fashion and coding. The website is laced with my humour as well as my coding abilities so far. I created this website using React, Javascript and CSS. I've also utilised libraries such as React Bootstrap and React-Router-Dom to allow this application to be fully frontend.

This app includes different articles that are mean to imitate a usual fashion website, while still putting my personal spin on it. I used React Bootstrap to assist with one side of the components I utilised, which would be the Carousels that are feature pieces in multiple sections of my website. Other than that, any other components that have been featured on the website are my own creation.

In terms of the approach I took, I always begin by brainstorming and setting up a plan. I generally will always create a Trello and a Wireframe so I can draft up a rough idea of what my website will look like. Albeit, this will generally change as I continue to create. From there I will begin to code. I started by the creation of each base page such as the home and about page while also beginning to create my state. Once I finish these layouts, I will generally then go about making these pages look a bit prettier before diving into more specific pages. Of course, before I create specific pages I have to create the routes to these. Once the routes have been created, I move on to formatting these pages. By this point, I should have the rough draft of every page completed.

At this point, I begin to start the main portion of CSS on my page. After this is finished, I started to try and replace some of the 'Lorem Ipsum Dolor' with actual articles I have written. This is something that I was unable to complete save for one article due to how large they are. So, some of the articles are still filled out with variants of Lorem Ipsum.

A Major hurdle I encountered while creating this website was finding a way to utilise state in the way most would use a database. This became especially tricky when I had to pass components through state. But, eventually I was able to work these kinks out effectively.
